Readme and documentation update (#96)
uploadcare/uploadcare-swift: Documentation/REST API.md

## Initialization

> Create your project in [Uploadcare dashboard](https://uploadcare.com/dashboard/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=uploadcare-swift) and copy its API keys from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create Uploadcare project in the [dashboard](https://app.uploadcare.com/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=uploadcare-swift) and copy its API keys from there.
```

REST API requires both public and secret keys:

```swift
final class MyClass {
    private var uploadcare: Uploadcare
    
    init() {
        self.uploadcare = Uploadcare(withPublicKey: "YOUR_PUBLIC_KEY", secretKey: "YOUR_SECRET_KEY")
    }
}
```

You can create more than Uploadcare objects if you need to work with multiple projects on your Uploadcare account:

```swift
final class MyClass {
    private let project1: Uploadcare
    private let project2: Uploadcare
    
    init() {
        // A project to use Upload API only 
        self.project1 = Uploadcare(withPublicKey: "YOUR_PUBLIC_KEY_1", secretKey: "YOUR_SECRET_KEY_1")

        // A project to use both REST API and Upload API
        self.project2 = Uploadcare(withPublicKey: "YOUR_PUBLIC_KEY_2", secretKey: "YOUR_SECRET_KEY_2")
    }
}
```

> Keep in mind that since Uploadcare is not a singleton you should store a strong reference (as an instance variable for example) to your Uploadcare object or it will get deallocated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that since Uploadcare is not a singleton. You should store a strong reference (as an instance variable, for example) to your Uploadcare object or it will get deallocated.
```
